Hello everyone and welcome to the CSSA level on assessment solution's lecture and this lecture will
just be cutting out the solutions for the sea level one assessment.
Let's get started.
OK so here I am at my editor and I'm going to just zoom in a little bit so you can see what I'm typing.
But the first task was to give the body element of the site a light blue background using some sort
of hex code.
So I should this a little bit in the last lecture but you would call body and then background color
and you would use color picker to actually grab some sort of hex codes so if you come over here to Google
clicking open this new tab I have color picker open and color ticker will just give you some sort of
hex color so really any light blue colors fine.
Did he really have to be light blue.
I just want to make sure you had the ability to set the background colors for refresh us.
Now I see I have a light blue background color.
Great.
So now task number two change the H-1 to have a one pixel solid black border.
So it will grab the heading one tag all Colborne all color border and then it will give it a 1 pixel
solid black border.
Save that.
Hit refresh over here.
Now I can see you walk into my free bar has that border OK.
Test Number three make all H-2 elements the color purple.
So what I'm going to do is just simply grab H-2 and set the color to purple pretty straight forward
so far so I can see all these two elements.
What does it say for log into your save etc. Now task for ask for is make all input boxes have a two
x solid dark red a border now also mentions to use our IGB for this.
So let's do that.
I'm going to say input
called border and then say to X solid and then set up a color here I'm going to call in RG B code and
they it really matter exactly what color you used but 1 4 4 0 0 is what I used for my solid dark.
I refresh this.
I can see now on these inputs I have this solid dark border task number five was to give a yellow light
yellow background to all paragraph elements inside of a div elements and use HEX for the color.
So remember we wanted to do something that has to do a little bit with inside an element so you call
div space p.
And that's going to call all the elements inside of a div and then you want to call the background to
be hash tag and then some sort of hex code.
So in this case I found this hex code.
You don't have to match my hex code exactly.
So we refreshed this.
You can see now we were affected.
Any P that's inside of a div.
Great.
So task number 6.
So there is a text area element with the ID text block and I want you to give it the following properties.
A five pixel solid gray border and the width of a hundred X and a height of 400 pics.
So I know we didn't actually go over width and height specifically but hopefully now you're able to
either use Google or use Adam's help that's built into the text editor.
So actually kind of answer these questions for yourself.
So we will say hash tag text block and you can see already it's starting to help us here.
So hash tag text block I'll grab the border or set it to a 5 pixel solid gray border and then for with
if I start typing w you'll see that it actually helps me out here.
I want the width to be a hundred pixels and I want the heights to be 400 pixels so like I mentioned
there's a ton of properties here and all you have to do is really just either search for width and height
is or use Adam text editor to help you out there.
If you're still having trouble actually discovering these on your own don't worry that's what the solutions
video is for.
All right.
Task number 7 let's just refresh make sure that actually took effect.
OK.
There it is.
So task number 7 there is a link to Google on the page make this link read.
So if we know there's a link then we know it must be an anchor tag and if we look at this Web site there's
actually only one link here that says Take it to Google.
So what I can do is just call all anchor tags and then make the color red send off I refresh this on
notice here take it to Google and read.
All right.
Task number eight is to make elements of the ID item one have an overlying text decoration and be the
color purple.
We talked about text decoration in the section.
We did a show Overleigh line but we did show how to create a single text decoration.
So first off we want an I.D. which means I need a call.
Item 1 again Adam helping us out there and the text decoration.
I wanted was an overlying and the other thing I want is to make the color purple so we will make that
color purple save this refresh over here and I can see line right here.
Number one take in text input has an overlay on it.
Task number line 9.
The last one before the bonus was make the elements of the class label X it have the background of blue
and a 4 per pixel that yellow border.
So for classes remember that's a dot.
So I say dot or period.
And then I want the background color to be blue and then I want the border to be a four pixel dashed
yellow border.
So I'm going to save this whoops save that refresh over here and I can see it on here.
Even though it looks very ugly we now have a background color blue and a dashboard of yellow.
And then finally the bonus challenge is there's a link to Google on that page and the list and you figure
out how to change the color if you click on the link.
And we had to do was Google this term CSSA visited.
And if you're able to discover through your Googling skills all you have to do is call anchor tag colon
and then visited and you can see here that Adam text editor is actually helping us out so it matches
links that have been visited and then we will call the color blue.
So we'll save that refreshes page to see our changes.
Now we can see since I've actually already visited Google before take you to Google is now colored blue
instead of just red.
All right.
So hopefully you are able to get the majority of those.
Don't worry if you aren't able to get the task 10.
And also don't worry too much.
If you had trouble with coming back up here which and high hope you're able to figure those out.
But again I know that was new for you.
So don't sweat it too much if you aren't able to get those on your first try.
Do you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
But that's it for CSSA level 1.
Thanks everybody and I'll see you at the next section CSSA level.